Add instructions of how to build bottle on Mac to README (#9)
manticoresoftware/executor: README.md

```

The command above will build the package on Linux with **PHP** `8.1.11`. Once it's done, you can find your binary in folder `dist/bin`.

> ### Build ARM64 for OSX
> 
> While GitHub actions do not have runners that support ARM64 architecture for OSX, we have the manual build of it
> 
> Once you updated the manticore-executor formula in [homebrew-manticore](https://github.com/manticoresoftware/homebrew-manticore) repository, you should build it following these instructions on your ARM64 OSX:
> 
> ```bash
> brew install --build-bottle manticoresoftware/manticore/manticore-executor
> brew bottle manticoresoftware/manticore/manticore-executor
> ```
> 
> Once it's done just create a new pull request and update `manticore-executor.rb` file with the suggested line of sha256 sum for your bottle.
> 
> You should also upload just the newly built bottle to the releases page. Do not forget to rename the file and remove `.1` and change `--` to `-` to follow the same format as all other files that have already been uploaded to the release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Build for MacOS arm64

While GitHub actions do support MacOS arm64 yet, you can build it manually.

Once you update the manticore-executor formula in [homebrew-manticore](https://github.com/manticoresoftware/homebrew-manticore) repository, you should build it following these instructions on your arm64 MacOS:

```bash
brew install --build-bottle manticoresoftware/manticore/manticore-executor
brew bottle manticoresoftware/manticore/manticore-executor
```

Once it's done just create a new pull request and update `manticore-executor.rb` file with the suggested line of sha256 sum for your bottle.

You should also upload the newly built bottle to the corresponding release page. Do not forget to rename the file: remove `.1` and change `--` to `-` to follow the same format as all the other files that have already been associated with the release.
```
